DOC-12750 Authentication improvements - Ability to enable/disable Couchbase User (#3853)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/learn/pages/security/usernames-and-passwords.adoc

See xref:learn:security/authorization-overview.adoc[Authorization], for details.

Note that usernames and role-names are _case sensitive_.

== Changing Passwords

> Administrators can configure and enforce security policies to make sure the users maintain secure and up-to-date passwords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrators can configure and enforce security policies to make sure that users maintain secure and up-to-date passwords.
Couchbase Server supports temporary passwords.
```
